Long Story Short is an American adult animated comedy-drama television series that was created by Raphael Bob-Waksberg and premiered on Netflix on August 22, 2025. Before its premiere, it was renewed for a second season, which is set to premiere in 2026. Long Story Short is about a middle-class, Jewish family whose narrative is told in a non-linear fashion. The main characters are three siblings—Avi (Ben Feldman), Shira (Abbi Jacobson), and Yoshi (Max Greenfield)—who experience ordinary, adult events while looking back on their childhood.[1][2] Ben Feldman as Avi Schwooper, the oldest of the Schwooper children. Born in 1982, Avi has extensive knowledge of pop culture and music; he works as a review columnist and, by 2021, for a music streaming service. Avi starts dating Jen in 2004, and they later marry and have a daughter named Hannah. By the 2010s, their relationship begins to break down, and they divorce in 2020, sharing custody of the now-teenage Hannah. In his adult years, Avi distances himself from his Jewish religious heritage. Avi suffers from pattern hair loss.
Angelique Cabral as Jen Schwooper, Avi's girlfriend and, later, wife. Jen and Avi divorce in 2020, due to Naomi's passive aggression toward her and undermining her, and Avi's parenting, which Avi usually failed to properly stand up to, and her and Avi growing apart. Jen majored in acting, but after the stress of putting on several failed plays in New York City with her friends, Jen secretly wishes for a more regular job. Jen agrees to move to California after Avi is offered a music-journalism internship, though it is hinted she is ashamed she gave up acting. Jen later becomes a theater manager for Hannah's school and later a wine salesperson.
Abbi Jacobson as Shira Schwooper, the middle of the Schwooper children, and sole daughter of Naomi and Elliot. Born in August 1984, Shira is a lesbian and is married to Kendra, with whom she raises twin boys, Walter and Benjamin. As a child, Shira was best friends with Rachel "Baby" Feldstein, and had a romantic relationship with Rachel in high school. However, after catching her making out with a man, Shira discovers Rachel saw her as a fling and feels betrayed, which ends their friendship. Shira cannot conceive children due to primary ovarian insufficiency, so Kendra bears the couple's children.
Nicole Byer as Kendra Hooper, a lesbian and Shira's wife, who converts to Judaism as an adult after lying about being Jewish to cover up for a work absence during Rosh Hashanah. Kendra works as a senior manager for B.J Banana Fingers, a children's entertainment fast-food chain similar to Chuck E. Cheese. Kendra gained her role due to her being a former workaholic who over-exerted herself—a habit she picked up from her father—after being accepted into a managerial training program when she was a floor manager. Kendra fired an employee who helped her as a child in order to gain a higher position by setting her up, which Kendra will have to live with. Kendra has a younger brother named David.
Max Greenfield as Yoshi Schwooper, the youngest of the Schwooper children, and second son of Naomi and Elliot. Born in 1991, he is diagnosed with ADHD, dyslexia, and executive dysfunction due to his parent's addiction of rubbing his pacifier on their shirts and giving it back instead of sterilizing it or getting a new one., which cause him difficulties with managing a career in adulthood. In his late twenties, Yoshi starts practicing modern Orthodox Judaism. Yoshi, since infancy, has tried to connect and spend time with his siblings, but being seven years younger, he feels like an extra child. Yoshi has a noticeable beauty mark on his face.
Lisa Edelstein as Naomi Schwartz, the matriarch of the Schwooper family, and mother of Avi, Shira and Yoshi. Naomi is the youngest of three daughters; she grew up in a cramped apartment along with their parents. She has a tendency to gain attention from her family by manipulating them and developed a self-centered personality. While Naomi loves her children, she is overbearing and critical. In 2019, her children confront Naomi about her controlling actions toward them. Naomi worked a social worker; to Avi's surprise, during a ceremony for her, Naomi has helped many people in the community, being more open-minded and supportive to strangers than her own children. In 2020, Naomi dies after contracting COVID-19. Naomi is fluent in Norwegian.
Paul Reiser as Elliot Cooper, a mathematics professor at Midbay University, is the patriarch of the Schwooper family, and father of Avi, Shira and Yoshi. Unlike Naomi, Elliot has unconditional love for the couple's children.