This is the initial public offering of shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Space Exploration Technologies
Corp., a Texas corporation. We are offering shares of our Class A common stock.
Currently, no public market exists for our Class A common stock. We expect the initial public offering price to be between $ and
$ per share. We have applied to list our Class A common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) and Nasdaq Texas,
Inc. (“Nasdaq Texas”) under the symbol “SPCX.”
Following the completion of this offering, we will have two classes of common stock issued and outstanding: Class A common stock
and Class B common stock. Each share of Class A common stock will entitle its holder to one vote per share. Each share of Class B
common stock will entitle its holder to 10 votes per share. Class A shareholders and Class B shareholders will vote together as a
single class on all matters to be voted on by shareholders, except Class B shareholders will be entitled to elect a majority of our board
of directors in addition to having certain other class votes as described under “Description of Capital Stock.”
Assuming an offering size as set forth above and an initial public offering price of $ per share (the midpoint of the estimated
price range set forth above), Elon Musk, our founder, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technical Officer and Chairman of our board, will hold approximately % of the voting power of our common stock (or approximately % if the underwriters exercise their
option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock in full) immediately after the completion of this offering through his
ownership of shares of our Class A and Class B common stock of which approximately % he controls through his ownership of
our Class B common stock. As a result, Mr. Musk will be able to control the outcome of matters requiring shareholder approval. This
includes the election of (i) a majority of our board, through his ownership of Class B shares (as Class B Directors), for so long as he
holds a majority of the voting power of the Class B common stock, and (ii) the remainder of our board, for so long as he holds a majority of the combined voting power of the Class A and Class B common stock. As a result, we will be a “controlled company”
under the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq following the completion of this offering and, as a result, we intend to rely on
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Please refer to “Management—Controlled Company Exemption.”
Investing in our Class A common stock involves risks. Please refer to “Risk Factors” beginning on page 26 of this
prospectus.
